Wow you see him okay he's right there
good
[Music]
effect if you could give him on the
first shot that's good one fell swoop
come around the other side now listen to
that that is the sound of the Sonoran
Desert right let's get him out in the
open where you can look at him
listen to that rattle that wonderful
sound is really the signature sound of
the desert it's the thing you always
hear in all the western movies
interlocking segments of keratin the
same substance that's in our fingernails
rattle together and create that
incredible buzzing sound Matt's mark the
wild snakes he's studying with some
paint so he can identify them this is a
tiger rattlesnake the the dark and light
bands running across the body are
obviously for camouflage those walking
it's named these songs look like they're
squashing the snake but actually it's a
remarkably resilient and look creature
they're not doing any harm at all it's
not a particularly big snake but it does
have very potent venom and certainly
enough to mean I have to be very wary of
it what a beauty